a Dallas police officer drove me from
the hospital of the airport and I want
to board Air Force One the large center
cabin was dark all shades drawn members
of the Kennedy staff sitting stunned
staring straight ahead some crying
softly Sarah T Hughes 67 year old
federal judge old friend of the Johnsons
rushed in a special car to the big white
ramp at the front of Air Force one
someone pressed a small black Bible into
the hands of the judge as she went
aboard Secret Service agents gently
placed the coffin in the rear cabin of
the plane a cabinet and they would
served as the living room for the
president and his family when they were
airborne Jackie went to a small bedroom
she wanted a few moments to compose
herself then mrs. Kennedy walked down
the narrow corridor from her bedchamber
and into the lounge
she was dry eyed but her face was a mask
of shock as a man might lead a small
child Johnson took her hand and led
Jackie to a place at his left side
mrs. Johnson stood at he's right Johnson
then nodded to the judge and thus a new
chapter of American history began the
ceremony had taken only two minutes
it was 2:38 p.m. Central Standard Time
and the president called out quite
firmly now let's get airborne
the pilot Colonel James swindle
immediately started the engines of the
big gleaming silver and blue fan jet and
in another few minutes
Air Force One roared down the Dallas
runway once the plane was airborne the
Johnson settled down in the lounge were
the swearing-in ceremony had taken place
mrs. Kennedy left her bedroom again and
walked slowly down the corridor to the
rear cabin she sat down beside the
coffin and there she remained throughout
the flight never more than a matter of
inches from her husband's body as Air
Force one sped toward the nation's
capital Johnson got to work with members
of
- he drafted what was to be his first
public statement and he placed a special
radio telephone call to mrs. Rose
Kennedy the late president's mother by
this time it was dark
we could see the lights of Andrews Air
Force Base coming up fast
we put down for a glass smooth landing
at 5:00 Washington sent the plan
bringing it down onto the field of
Andrews Air Force Base a meny honor
guard alongside mrs. Kennedy is now
coming down following the casket with
her other members of the Kennedy family
attorney general can be seen mrs. jack
will enjoy company the body of her
husband